Add dev blog post about legacy device tracker deprecation (#3060)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2026-04-20-legacy-device-tracker-deprecation.md

---
author: Erik Montnemery
authorURL: https://github.com/emontnemery
title: "Deprecation of legacy device tracker platform API"
---

## Summary

The legacy (non config entry) device tracker platform API is deprecated and will be removed in the Home Assistant 2027.5 release.

> By the end of the 12-month deprecation period, all legacy device tracker platforms will be removed from the core repo, and custom integrations implementing the legacy API will stop working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By the end of the 12-month deprecation period, all remaining legacy device tracker platforms will be removed from the core repository, and custom integrations implementing the legacy API will stop working.
```
